(light piano music)
A new year begins today.
For some of you, it's your first day.
For others, it's your last first day.
But all of your days at Michigan State
will shape you for years to come.
This campus is full of possibilities,
promise, and people determined to make a difference.
So while you're here, try something new.
Figure out what you like and what you don't.
Then do what you love.
Make the most of campus traditions.
Work in the community, study abroad.
And join in with
75,000 Spartans to yell, "Go green."
Listen to each other.
To the sounds of the Spartan marching band.
The splash of the red cedar.
And to countless conversations
that tumble out of research labs and residence halls.
There is greatness in the air here.
Take it all in.
These years will be some
of the most fun you'll ever have,
but they will challenge you.
Along the way, you might change your major.
You may change your views.
But when you leave here,
you will be ready to change the world.
You are a Spartan, and Spartans will.
(light upbeat music)